Refund and return

Ferndown Stores Ltd
www.ferndownstores.com

We have a 60-day return policy, which means you have 60 days after receiving your item to request a return.

To start a return, you can contact us at support@ferndownstores.com. Please note that all returns will need to be sent to the following address: Breakfree Retail Ltd. St Mary’s House, Duke St., Norwich NR3 1QA

After your return is approved, we'll gladly provide you with a return shipping label and clear instructions on how to return your package. It's important to note that we're unable to accept any returns that haven't been requested in advance.

You can always contact us for any return questions at support@ferndownstores.com or chat with us directly from our web store.


Damages and issues
After you receive your order, we would appreciate it if you could take a moment to inspect the item(s) for any defects, or damages, or if you have received the wrong item. If you happen to come across any of these issues, please don't hesitate to reach out to us right away. We want to make sure that we properly evaluate the situation and do everything we can to make it right for you.

Exchanges
The fastest way to ensure you get what you want is to return the item you have, and once the return is accepted, make a separate purchase for the new item. If you have already made an account with us then you can initiate a request from there or else you can make an account here Account Page and then raise a request.

Refunds
As soon as we check your return, we'll let you know right away about your refund's approval status. If it gets approved, we'll automatically process and return the refund to your original payment method within 10 business days. Please keep in mind that it may take some time for your bank or credit card company to process and post the refund.
If more than 15 business days have passed since we’ve approved your return, please contact us at support@ferndownstores.com.

We understand that returning items can be a frustrating experience. However, we would like to assure you that our policy on returns does not in any way affect your legal rights.

Extended Christmas Returns Policy
We are happy to offer a refund for items purchased after Tuesday 31st October 2023 returned until Sunday 7th January 2024. Refunds will only be offered in accordance with your statutory rights (which remain unaffected). 